ci: Add PR template, delete codeowners (#1295)
xdslproject/xdsl: .github/pull_request_template.md

*Short paragraph summarizing the changes*

---

Thank you for submitting a PR to xDSL!

Make sure to follow the steps in the checklist below *before* you submit this PR!

## Checklist before you submit this PR:

 - [ ] If your PR is not ready for review, open it as a draft instead.

>  - [ ] Make sure your PR title is [following the guidelines](https://github.com/xdslproject/xdsl/wiki/Tags-for-commit-messages-and-PR-titles)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Make sure your PR title follows the [guidelines](https://github.com/xdslproject/xdsl/wiki/Tags-for-commit-messages-and-PR-titles)
```

 - [ ] Add some tags to categorize the PR
 - [ ] Request review from people you *know* have to sign off on these changes, you can leave it blank for now if you are not sure.

>  - [ ] Tag people you wish to get feedback from (using @\<username>), they will then sort out the reviewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Tag people you wish to get feedback from (using @\<username>), they will then sort out the reviewers.
 - [ ] Assign this PR to yourself
```

*Short paragraph summarizing the changes*

---

Thank you for submitting a PR to xDSL!

Make sure to follow the steps in the checklist below *before* you submit this PR!

## Checklist before you submit this PR:

 - [ ] If your PR is not ready for review, open it as a draft instead.
 - [ ] Make sure your PR title follows the [guidelines](https://github.com/xdslproject/xdsl/wiki/Tags-for-commit-messages-and-PR-titles)

>  - [ ] Add some tags to categorize the PR

Reviewer 2: This does not work for new users, should we change the text to reflect that?

Reviewer 3: I think as soon as their title is fine, the person who will click the button to merge should be the one to hold responsibility for the label/tag being there

>  - [ ] Request review from people you *know* have to sign off on these changes, you can leave it blank for now if you are not sure.

Reviewer 2: Can new users request reviewers? I guess that they don't need to and we'll do for them in that case. In any way, a new users wouldn't know who is responsible for what.

Reviewer 3: Note: Pull request authors can't request reviews unless they are either a repository owner or collaborator with write access to the repository.

https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review
